Thanks for joining, Marcus and Elena.
We've wrapped up our AI potential assessment and
mapped 9 ideas into a simple matrix — Impact vs.
Feasibility.
Our North Star remains the same: increase player
satisfaction and reduce time-to-market by 25%.
Today we need to agree which initiatives to launch
first.
Good.
I need clarity on the trade‐offs.
What does the matrix tell us?
Well, on the matrix:
Impact captures expected value and Feasability reflects
delivery effort—data readiness, change management,
and risk controls.
Plotting our options on this grid surfaced a shortlist
of five that clearly stand out.
Exactly.
And here's the constraint:
with current bandwidth, we can only take on three
out of those five in this cycle.
The matrix may helps us choose the three that maximize
value while keeping complexity manageable for a 90‐day
pilot‐to‐scale path.
So the decision is not "what's nice to have,"
it's "what moves the needle now."
How do we avoid over‐indexing on quick wins and missing
foundational impact?
We'll prefer high‐value items with moderate complexity
for immediate gains but we also want to unlock compounding
value without pushing us beyond acceptable delivery
risk.
Alright
Work together, I want to have the recommended three
contributing to our North Star.
If the rationale holds and the risks are governed,
we go.
OK.
I'm launching a quick Teams poll: select the three
we commit to this cycle.
We'll lock scope today, finalize owners, and start
the 90‐day pilot track immediately.